---
created: 2024-11-02T17:48:29-04:00
modified: 2024-11-02T18:25:48-04:00
---

> [!QUESTION] ### The Start
> Theres a lot of new features for SEO that we should include within the tags of our website, and I believe theres more that we need to include on out HTML tags. What are the features we are highly recommended to use within our tags and within our HTML tags?
> [[01.Introduction to SEO]]

> [!INFO] ### My Response
> Lets talk about the meta keywords and description.  
> Descriptions:  
> How long should the description be, what is the max length, what is too long?  
> Keywords:  
> How many keywords should we have? Does uppercase and lowercase matter? Do hyphens matter? Should we have a `to-do` keyword and a `todo` keyword? How many keywords is too many? Are keywords multiple words? If we can have multiple words in 1 keyword, how many multiple words in a row is allowed or the limit?
> [[03.Meta Keywords and Descriptions]]

---

> [!QUESTION] ### Open Graph Tags
> What are all of the OpenGraph Tags available that we need to use and what are they for?
> [[05.Open Graph Tags]]

---

> [!QUESTION] ### Twitter Tags
> What are all of the Twitter Cards Tags available that we need to use and what are they for?
> [[06.Twitter Tags]]

---

> [!QUESTION] ### Card Types
> What other card types are there and should we ensure they match correctly?
> [[06.Twitter Tags]]

---

> [!QUESTION] ### Schema Markup Tags
> What are all of the Schema Markup Tags available that we need to use and what are they for?
> [[07.Schema Markup]]
>
> ---
>
> > [!QUESTION] ### Show Me Examples
> > Can I see examples of them?
>
> I added the examples to the page

---

##### Token limit reached. New Chat now
